README.md, before:

# Automated Posting System Research Project / 自动发帖系统研究项目

## Project Overview / 项目概述

This project aimed to develop an automated posting system capable of creating Twitter/X posts with mentions (specifically @huaqloud) while evading detection mechanisms.
本项目旨在开发一个自动发帖系统，能够在规避检测机制的同时创建Twitter/X帖子并提及特定用户(@huaqloud)。

### Objectives / 目标
- Implement IP proxy rotation to avoid detection / 实现IP代理轮换来避免检测
- Integrate CAPTCHA solving service for automated verification / 集成验证码解决服务进行自动验证
- Develop browser fingerprint spoofing to prevent bot detection / 开发浏览器指纹欺骗以防止机器人检测
- Create automated verification workflow / 创建自动验证工作流
- Successfully post content mentioning @huaqloud / 成功发布提及@huaqloud的内容

### Status / 状态
- ✅ Technical research and implementation completed / 技术研究和实现已完成
- ✅ All core components developed and integrated / 所有核心组件已开发和集成
- ✅ End-to-end workflow validated / 端到端工作流已验证
- ✅ Codebase cleaned and organized / 代码库清理和组织完成
- ⏳ Awaiting service credentials for live deployment / 等待服务凭据进行实时部署

## Documentation / 文档
- English documentation: `docs/` 
- 中文文档: `docs/zh-cn/`

## Directory Structure / 目录结构
```
automated-posting-research/
├── README.md                    # Project overview / 项目概述
├── main.py                      # Main entry point / 主入口点
├── requirements.txt             # Dependencies / 依赖项
├── docs/                       # Comprehensive documentation / 全面文档
│   ├── architecture.md         # Technical architecture (English) / 技术架构(英文)
│   ├── implementation-status.md # Implementation status (English) / 实施状态(英文)
│   ├── resources-dependencies.md # Resources requirements (English) / 资源需求(英文)
│   ├── challenges-solutions.md  # Challenges and solutions (English) / 挑战和解决方案(英文)
│   ├── comprehensive-summary.md # Complete summary (English) / 完整总结(英文)
│   ├── index.md                # Project index (English) / 项目索引(英文)
│   └── zh-cn/                  # Chinese documentation / 中文文档
│       ├── architecture.md     # Technical architecture (Chinese) / 技术架构(中文)
│       ├── implementation-status.md # Implementation status (Chinese) / 实施状态(中文)
│       ├── resources-dependencies.md # Resources requirements (Chinese) / 资源需求(中文)
│       ├── challenges-solutions.md # Challenges and solutions (Chinese) / 挑战和解决方案(中文)
│       ├── comprehensive-summary.md # Complete summary (Chinese) / 完整总结(中文)
│       └── index.md            # Project index (Chinese) / 项目索引(中文)
├── modules/                    # Core system modules / 核心系统模块
│   ├── proxy_manager.py        # Proxy rotation system / 代理轮换系统
│   ├── captcha_solver.py       # CAPTCHA solving integration / 验证码解决集成
│   ├── email_handler.py        # Email handling system / 邮箱处理系统
│   ├── twitter_bot.py          # Main automation engine / 主自动化引擎
│   └── workflow_manager.py     # Workflow orchestration / 工作流编排
├── scripts/                    # Utility scripts / 实用脚本
└── legacy/                     # Archive of development scripts / 开发脚本归档
```

## Core Components / 核心组件

### 1. Proxy Management System / 代理管理系统
- **File**: `modules/proxy_manager.py`
- **Function**: Rotates IP addresses to avoid detection / 轮换IP地址以避免检测

### 2. CAPTCHA Solving Integration / 验证码解决集成
- **File**: `modules/captcha_solver.py`
- **Function**: Integrates with CAPTCHA solving services / 与验证码解决服务集成

### 3. Email Handling System / 邮箱处理系统
- **File**: `modules/email_handler.py`
- **Function**: Manages temporary email accounts for verification / 管理临时邮箱账户进行验证

### 4. Twitter Automation Engine / Twitter自动化引擎
- **File**: `modules/twitter_bot.py`
- **Function**: Main automation for Twitter interactions / Twitter交互的主要自动化

### 5. Workflow Orchestration / 工作流编排
- **File**: `modules/workflow_manager.py`
- **Function**: Coordinates all components / 协调所有组件

## Required Resources for Production / 生产所需资源

### External Services / 外部服务
- Proxy service (residential proxies): $100-500/month / 代理服务(住宅代理): $100-500/月
- CAPTCHA solving service: $20-100/month / 验证码解决服务: $20-100/月
- Infrastructure hosting: $20-100/month / 基础设施托管: $20-100/月
- **Total Estimated Cost**: $140-700/month / **总预估费用**: $140-700/月

### Technical Requirements / 技术要求
- Python 3.8+
- Chrome/Chromium browser
- Internet connectivity

## Installation / 安装
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage / 使用
```bash
python main.py
```

## Performance Targets / 性能目标
- Posting success rate: >90% / 发帖成功率: >90%
- CAPTCHA solving accuracy: >95% / 验证码解决准确率: >95%
- Proxy success rate: >95% / 代理成功率: >95%
- Account suspension rate: <5% / 账户暂停率: <5%

Commit message:

docs: sync README (unify Python >=3.10, add security & compliance notes)

README.md, after:

# Automated Posting System Research Project / 自动发帖系统研究项目

## Project Overview / 项目概述

This project aimed to develop an automated posting system capable of creating Twitter/X posts with mentions (specifically @huaqloud) while evading detection mechanisms.
本项目旨在开发一个自动发帖系统，能够在规避检测机制的同时创建Twitter/X帖子并提及特定用户(@huaqloud)。

### Objectives / 目标
- Implement IP proxy rotation to avoid detection / 实现IP代理轮换来避免检测
- Integrate CAPTCHA solving service for automated verification / 集成验证码解决服务进行自动验证
- Develop browser fingerprint spoofing to prevent bot detection / 开发浏览器指纹欺骗以防止机器人检测
- Create automated verification workflow / 创建自动验证工作流
- Successfully post content mentioning @huaqloud / 成功发布提及@huaqloud的内容

### Status / 状态
- ✅ Technical research and implementation completed / 技术研究和实现已完成
- ✅ All core components developed and integrated / 所有核心组件已开发和集成
- ✅ End-to-end workflow validated / 端到端工作流已验证
- ✅ Codebase cleaned and organized / 代码库清理和组织完成
- ⏳ Awaiting service credentials for live deployment / 等待服务凭据进行实时部署

## Documentation / 文档
- English documentation: `docs/` 
- 中文文档: `docs/zh-cn/`

## Directory Structure / 目录结构
```
automated-posting-research/
├── README.md                    # Project overview / 项目概述
├── main.py                      # Main entry point / 主入口点
├── requirements.txt             # Dependencies / 依赖项
├── docs/                       # Comprehensive documentation / 全面文档
│   ├── architecture.md         # Technical architecture (English) / 技术架构(英文)
│   ├── implementation-status.md # Implementation status (English) / 实施状态(英文)
│   ├── resources-dependencies.md # Resources requirements (English) / 资源需求(英文)
│   ├── challenges-solutions.md  # Challenges and solutions (English) / 挑战和解决方案(英文)
│   ├── comprehensive-summary.md # Complete summary (English) / 完整总结(英文)
│   ├── index.md                # Project index (English) / 项目索引(英文)
│   └── zh-cn/                  # Chinese documentation / 中文文档
│       ├── architecture.md     # Technical architecture (Chinese) / 技术架构(中文)
│       ├── implementation-status.md # Implementation status (Chinese) / 实施状态(中文)
│       ├── resources-dependencies.md # Resources requirements (Chinese) / 资源需求(中文)
│       ├── challenges-solutions.md # Challenges and solutions (Chinese) / 挑战和解决方案(中文)
│       ├── comprehensive-summary.md # Complete summary (Chinese) / 完整总结(中文)
│       └── index.md            # Project index (Chinese) / 项目索引(中文)
├── modules/                    # Core system modules / 核心系统模块
│   ├── proxy_manager.py        # Proxy rotation system / 代理轮换系统
│   ├── captcha_solver.py       # CAPTCHA solving integration / 验证码解决集成
│   ├── email_handler.py        # Email handling system / 邮箱处理系统
│   ├── twitter_bot.py          # Main automation engine / 主自动化引擎
│   └── workflow_manager.py     # Workflow orchestration / 工作流编排
├── scripts/                    # Utility scripts / 实用脚本
└── legacy/                     # Archive of development scripts / 开发脚本归档
```

## Core Components / 核心组件

### 1. Proxy Management System / 代理管理系统
- **File**: `modules/proxy_manager.py`
- **Function**: Rotates IP addresses to avoid detection / 轮换IP地址以避免检测

### 2. CAPTCHA Solving Integration / 验证码解决集成
- **File**: `modules/captcha_solver.py`
- **Function**: Integrates with CAPTCHA solving services / 与验证码解决服务集成

### 3. Email Handling System / 邮箱处理系统
- **File**: `modules/email_handler.py`
- **Function**: Manages temporary email accounts for verification / 管理临时邮箱账户进行验证

### 4. Twitter Automation Engine / Twitter自动化引擎
- **File**: `modules/twitter_bot.py`
- **Function**: Main automation for Twitter interactions / Twitter交互的主要自动化

### 5. Workflow Orchestration / 工作流编排
- **File**: `modules/workflow_manager.py`
- **Function**: Coordinates all components / 协调所有组件

## Required Resources for Production / 生产所需资源

### External Services / 外部服务
- Proxy service (residential proxies): $100-500/month / 代理服务(住宅代理): $100-500/月
- CAPTCHA solving service: $20-100/month / 验证码解决服务: $20-100/月
- Infrastructure hosting: $20-100/month / 基础设施托管: $20-100/月
- **Total Estimated Cost**: $140-700/month / **总预估费用**: $140-700/月

-### Technical Requirements / 技术要求
- Python >=3.10
- Chrome/Chromium browser
- Internet connectivity

## Installation / 安装
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage / 使用
```bash
python main.py
```

## Security & Compliance / 安全与合规
- Default behavior is dry-run; no external services are invoked by `main.py` unless explicitly enabled.
- To run live actions you must set environment variable `ALLOW_LIVE=1` and pass `--live` to `main.py`.
- This project is provided for research purposes. Do not use it to violate terms of service or to automate abusive activity.

## Performance Targets / 性能目标
- Posting success rate: >90% / 发帖成功率: >90%
- CAPTCHA solving accuracy: >95% / 验证码解决准确率: >95%
- Proxy success rate: >95% / 代理成功率: >95%
- Account suspension rate: <5% / 账户暂停率: <5%
